README.md, before:

# Parashoot

Hosting your own content delivery network is one of the best things you could do to protect your files that you send
online.

## Motive

Nowadays, companies are more invasive than ever when it comes to your personal data and how it is managed. When it comes
to [Content Delivery](https://www.optimizely.com/optimization-glossary/content-delivery), are you really going to trust
them with the files you send online?

Platforms such as Instagram and Facebook will regularly cache your messages in their own content delivery networks so 
that they can build profiles on you and sell data to other shareholders. After all, do you really think they would
provide these services for free? 

Once you upload a file through a media platform, it will forever be stored in their databases and there is nothing you
can do about it. A common misconception is that deleting the message erases everything, but 
[Data Tombstoning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tombstone_(data_store)) is a practice regularly implemented to log
everything that is deleted along with a one-to-one copy of the file.

## Solution

Hosting your own content delivery service is the optimal ways to protect the files from big media companies. This is
done by hosting your own files so that they are not uploaded to the content delivery networks owned by big media
companies.

Having your own content delivery service lets you take back the ownership of the files that you send online, allowing
you to delete the files knowing that big media companies are not also stealing a copy for themselves.

Commit message:

feat: add google drive example

README.md, after:

# Parashoot

Hosting your own content delivery network is one of the best things you could do to protect your files that you send
online.

## Motive

### Social Media

Nowadays, companies are more invasive than ever when it comes to your personal data and how it is managed. When it comes
to [Content Delivery](https://www.optimizely.com/optimization-glossary/content-delivery), are you really going to trust
them with the files you send online?

Platforms such as Instagram and Facebook will regularly cache the files you send in their own content delivery networks 
so that they can build profiles on you and sell data to other shareholders. After all, do you really think they would
provide these services for free? 

Once you upload a file through a media platform, it will forever be stored in their databases and there is nothing you
can do about it. A common misconception is that deleting the message erases everything, but 
[Data Tombstoning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tombstone_(data_store)) is a practice regularly implemented to log
everything that is deleted along with a one-to-one copy of the content.

### Cloud Storage

It is becoming increasingly more common over time for big data centers that provide cloud storage to mistreat your data
in a variety of ways. With thousands of people's data to handle in such dense conditions, how could they possibly take
good care of everything?

A good example of this is a [recent incident](https://support.google.com/drive/thread/245055606/google-drive-files-suddenly-disappeared-the-drive-literally-went-back-to-condition-in-may-2023?hl=en) 
with **Google Drive**, where they lost months worth's of people's data with no trace of anything left behind. Google 
responded by deleting people's posts in an attempt to silence the issue, while the community manager responded with a 
useless solution. 

## Solution

Hosting your own content delivery service is a great way to protect your files while ensuring that they are in good
hands, allowing you to have full control over who has access to your content. By not using the content delivery networks 
provided by big media companies, you are taking back the ownership of the files you upload online.
